Hello dear friends and today I
I want to make such a small review dash
test ganzo wife of the firm's business in
the fact that my very first leg was also
Ganza therefore I have some kind of
I do not know if love for this company can
undeservedly may not know but in general
as it is so it is in the words of one
a blogger with whom I absolutely agree
that any product can be judged by
his most budget line for example
there is a clock there
i don't know aren't you mean that you take
buy the budget i knew the line
there is a series of 3 stars and evaluate it
the quality of the whole product you do not
need to be assessed for there royal orient and
Renstar ie buy the cheapest
ruler if it suits you by
Quality means this product
which is more expensive will be natural
quality if the budget line
bad did not try not thought
it is clear that where there is a large price tag
will try here that's why this is the one
such is probably one of the budget if not
the most budget line of knives Hanza is
ganzo g sage 616 here and let's start with
box box me always them to me
I liked the fact that she knows this
as recalled
some kind of boxes and u professional
some kind of instrumentation and have professional
there are no tools here
painted glossy things there she
such a harsh cardboard immediately such
it feels like it's really
some kind of ganzo tool
us impossible la bla bla so that's what
I was pleased with this that thinking about
people who can't talk and
read in chinese here
Nakleechka data there folding knife
tourist hanse dice 606
lock type liner lock blade material 440
440 just even indicated the degree well
hardening 55 to
arugula handle material and abs length
blade 79 millimeters weight 99 grams
manufacturer bla bla bla bla country from
grill china is understandable well naturally
legs want to say that this man stands
only 150 hryvnia in the store is not in
the internet on the internet seems to me he
will cost even less
Now that would be if you are some
beginner click yes not even with them
quite rich then you can go to
shop and buy such a knife rack it
do but now give according to you
together with you so plastic lining
as already stated here there is a clip
which is not rearranged in any way they are
extra hole so wear
it can only be here and so much
convenient clip I still do not know here
there is such a fin which
implies that it can there
spring loaded some thing on really
there is really no reason for that
what's just to have a finger here
rested but actually here he is and so
Here at the expense of the shape of the handles will be
abut and we fold it yes we
it turns out that here fin is sticking out
nothing he sticks out I don't quite understand well
okay lock type liner liner is well
I will not hide
the plan is already in the middle here from the inside
I see no polishing here
Here for that price rely on
polished whale surface i think
it's stupid to have a peg for one-handed
opening but only on one side here
here it is not there that is also an economy
savings here liner enough
convenient knife in the hand well
opens easily
Here are some inconveniences with the grip I
not experiencing with him let's try
factory sharpening I have yet nothing
absolutely did absolutely nothing
did well let's say so undermines cuts but
so here across will not cut it
definitely share cuts too so with difficulty
this side leads away like that i'm really
We are now trying to work a little
According to Art. We plan to understand the wood
to the front side
but in principle it is comfortable with enough
hand is not us on it is the coast
planes
So
suffered derevyahu try
to show
klinochek no see absolutely
on it damage - 9 small so
batoning trusted three
but I do not see anything and of course especially
they don't do anything like that
business
that is, any such work he does
no problem at all
continue to knit well with canned goods
Sorry now is no yes really
I really don't need to think of opening them
preservatives filter and Alanya look
now it stands on the edge here
there is no big backlash well such
slightly slightly
Here we have PTFE inside washer
Naturally, well, such a budget
budget but actually know how
one day to take the future and what else is needed
pull up a little
everything will be ok, well, something like this
knife ganzo of 116
with you was once more subscribe to
my videos are in a good mood
see you bye